Docs 6026 update secrets manager overview (#39)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/index-secrets-manager.adoc

> Secrets Manager uses secure vault technology to store and control access to private keys, passwords, certificates, and other secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets manager uses secure vault technology to store and control access to private keys, passwords, certificates, and other secrets.
```
Per PMMs, "secrets manager" is lowercase because it is "capability terminology, no a product": https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1f6v9cjx84ZAHGeZs36A0clZoQc_ggAe6m6e-NQ9BUuk/edit#gid=71218867

You can pursue this on the Slack channel product-naming-questions, or I can do that for you.

GLOBAL; I will stop marking this.

Use Secrets Manager to write and manage your secrets, keys, and Transport Layer Security (TLS) artifacts. You can read the metadata of the secrets, but the actual secrets can be consumed only by authorized platform services on your behalf.

> Secrets Manager is designed to store and manage secrets for supported Anypoint platform services. It is not a general-purpose storage for secrets. Only trusted services within Anypoint Platform have access to the contents of the secret. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets Manager is designed to store and manage secrets for supported Anypoint Platform services. It is not a general-purpose storage for secrets. Only trusted services within Anypoint Platform have access to the contents of the secret. 
```

Secrets Manager supports the management of TLS context for the following services:

* Runtime Fabric ingress +

> You can store TLS artifacts in Secrets Manager and then configure the Runtime Fabric ingress with the secret reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store TLS artifacts in Secrets Manager and then configure the Anypoint Runtime Fabric ingress with the secret reference.
```

* API Manager in CloudHub +

> You can store the TLS artifacts in Secrets Manager and then configure the API Manager with the secret reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the TLS artifacts in Secrets Manager and then configure Anypoint API Manager with the secret reference.
```

> The Anypoint platform’s Secrets Manager lets you store secrets in secret groups, which are vaults associated with your environment and business group. Each secret group has unique encryption keys, which are generated and managed only by Secrets Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform’s Secrets Manager enables you to store secrets in secrets groups, which are vaults associated with your environment and business group. Each secrets group has unique encryption keys, which are generated and managed only by Secrets Manager. 
```

You can configure the supported Anypoint Platform services to request secrets stored in Secrets Manager, and you can control which supported services are authorized to access them. This task is handled by two microservices:

* Secrets Manager +

> This is a publicly exposed service which handles the uploading and storing of your secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a publicly exposed service that handles the uploading and storing of your secrets.
```
Yeah..."services," like the mocking service, are supposed to be lowercase: the secrets manager....

> Every time you upload a secret to your vault, the Secrets Manager establishes a reference to it, so it can be shared or read without revealing its contents. You can read the metadata the secrets uploaded but not the real content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you upload a secret to your vault, the Secrets Manager establishes a reference to it, so it can be shared or read without revealing its contents. You can read the secrets metadata but not the secret itself. 
```

* Secrets Provider +

> This is an internal service which handles the secrets for consumption by supported platform services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an internal service that handles the secrets for consumption by supported platform services.
```

> This is the only service that can read the actual secrets, and due to its nature, it is not accessible from the public network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the only service that can read the actual secrets and, due to its nature, it is not accessible from the public network. 
```
or
```suggestion
This is the only service that can read the actual secrets. It is not accessible from the public network. 
```

image::secrets-manager-diagram.png[]

== Supported Secret Types

Secrets Manager can store and manage the following secret types:

> * TLS Context: +

Reviewer: GLOBALLY remove colons following the list items here.
I will stop marking.

SSL Security Parameters (ciphers to use, TLS version, and so on).
* Keystore: +

> A repository of security certificates (either authorization certificates or public key certificates) along with their corresponding private keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A repository of security certificates (either authorization certificates or public key certificates), along with their corresponding private keys.
```

* Truststore: +

> A repository of security certificates from other parties with which you expect to communicate, or from Certificate Authorities that you trust to identify other parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A repository of security certificates from eithr other parties with which you expect to communicate or Certificate Authorities that you trust to identify other parties.
```

* Certificates:. +

> Public X.509 certificates, electronic documents that bind together a public key with an identity (hostname, organization, or individual).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public X.509 certificates, which are electronic documents that bind a public key with an identity (hostname, organization, or individual).
```
